I won't take advantage of your kindness
I heard you talking to yourself
The love that will end in my arms
I held it once more
Nothing has changed
Sunlight streams through the shade
And morning comes with chirping birds
On the sofa, we leaned close
Sharing our loneliness
We talked about the future
One thing at a time on that night
Dreams always exist
Somewhere far from here
If we stay together
They’ll surely never come true
Your kindness gets in the way
I know you're trying to be strong
It would be better for you if I didn't stop you
If it would make you happy
I'd endure any sorrow
My eyes are moist
Before they burst into tears
Wooh…
This might be the last time I ever taste Kilimanjaro coffee
That tang you loved
I'll never forget it
I didn’t want you
To live a life of regret
So I can only smile
And see you off
Selfishness and consideration
Are playing a tug-of-war in my heart
The thought of losing you
Doesn't feel real to me
Biting my lip,
I hold back my whining
If your dreams come true
I’ll bear with it, wooh…
You walk slowly towards the door.
Even if you're waiting for me
I won't chase after love's back
I won't take advantage of your kindness
I heard you talking to yourself
The love that will end in my arms
I held it once more
Your kindness gets in the way
I know you're trying to be strong
It would be better for you if I didn't stop you
If it would make you happy
I'd endure any sorrow
My eyes are moist
Before they burst into tears
Wooh…